added the time field to the test-modeling-rules (#3088)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> * Added the `_time` field to the compare table in the **modeling-rules test**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `_time` field to the output compare table of the **modeling-rules test** command.
```
